1.40.0 release post (#478)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2019-12-19-Rust-1.40.0.md

  accept_meta!( my::path = "lit" );
  accept_meta!( my::path ( a b c ) );
  accept_meta!( my::path [ a b c ] );
  accept_meta!( my::path { a b c } );
  ```

### Borrow check migration warnings are hard errors in Rust 2015

[rel-1350]: https://blog.rust-lang.org/2019/07/04/Rust-1.36.0.html#nll-for-rust-2015
[rel-1310]: https://blog.rust-lang.org/2018/12/06/Rust-1.31-and-rust-2018.html#non-lexical-lifetimes
[err-2018]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/63565
[err-2015]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/64221
[rip-ast-borrowck]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/64790
[niko-blog-nll]: https://blog.rust-lang.org/2019/11/01/nll-hard-errors.html

In the 1.35.0 release, [we announced][rel-1350] that NLL had come to Rust 2015 after first being released for the 2018 edition in [Rust 1.31][rel-1310].

As we noted back then, the old borrow checker had some bugs which would allow memory unsafety, and the NLL borrow checker fixed them. As these fixes break some stable code, we decided to gradually phase in the errors, by checking if the old borrow checker would accept the program and the NLL checker would reject it. In those cases, the errors would be downgraded to warnings.

> The previous release, Rust 1.39.0, changes these warnings into errors for code using the [2018 edition][err-2018]. Rust 1.40.0 applies the same change for users of the [2015 edition][err-2015], closing those soundness holes for good. This has also the side effect of [cleaning up the old code from the compiler][rip-ast-borrowck].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous release, Rust 1.39.0, changes these warnings into errors for code using the [2018 edition][err-2018]. Rust 1.40.0 applies the same change for users of the [2015 edition][err-2015], closing those soundness holes for good. This also allows us to [clean up the old code from the compiler][rip-ast-borrowck].
```

Nice link label 😄

> If your build breaks due to this change, or you want to hear more, check out [Niko Matsakis's blog post][niko-blog-nll].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your build breaks due to this change, or you want to learn more, check out [Niko Matsakis's blog post][niko-blog-nll].
```

### More `const fn`s in the standard library 

[pr_is_power_of_two]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/65092
[`is_power_of_two`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/primitive.u8.html#method.is_power_of_two

> With Rust 1.40.0, the following functions became `const fn`:

Reviewer 2: s/functions/function/

Author: ```suggestion
With Rust 1.40.0, the following function became `const fn`:
```

- [`is_power_of_two`] for [unsigned integers][pr_is_power_of_two]

### Additions to the standard library 

> [`todo!`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/macro.todo.html

Author: ```suggestion
[`todo!()`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/macro.todo.html
```

[`{f32,f64}::from_be_bytes`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/primitive.f32.html#method.from_be_bytes
[`{f32,f64}::from_le_bytes`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/primitive.f32.html#method.from_le_bytes
[`{f32,f64}::from_ne_bytes`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/primitive.f32.html#method.from_ne_bytes

[`Option::take`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/option/enum.Option.html#method.take
[`Cell::take`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/cell/struct.Cell.html#method.take
[`mem::replace`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/mem/fn.replace.html
[`unimplemented!()`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/macro.unimplemented.html
[`Option::flatten`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/option/enum.Option.html#method.flatten
[`Option::as_ref`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/option/enum.Option.html#method.as_ref
[`Option::as_mut`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/option/enum.Option.html#method.as_mut
[`Deref`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/ops/trait.Deref.html
[`DerefMut`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/ops/trait.DerefMut.html
[`Iterator::flatten`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/iter/trait.Iterator.html#method.flatten 

In Rust 1.40.0 the following functions and macros were stabilized:

> - [`todo!`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`todo!()`]
```

  A macro, which is a shorter, more memorable, and convenient version of [`unimplemented!()`].

- [`slice::repeat`]

  Creates a `Vec<T>` by repeating a slice `n` times.

- [`mem::take`]

  This function `take`s the value out of a mutable reference and replaces it with the type's default. This is similar to [`Option::take`] and [`Cell::take` ] and provides a convenient short-hand for [`mem::replace(&mut dst, Default::default())`][`mem::replace`].

- [`BTreeMap::get_key_value`] and [`HashMap::get_key_value`]

  Returns the key-value pair corresponding to the supplied key.

- [`Option::as_deref`], [`Option::as_deref_mut`]

  These work similarly to [`Option::as_ref`] and [`Option::as_mut`] but also use [`Deref`] and [`DerefMut`] respectively, so that `opt_box.as_deref()` and `opt_box.as_deref_mut()`, where `opt_box: Option<Box<T>>`, produce an `Option<&T>` and `Option<&mut T>` respectively.

- [`Option::flatten`]

>   This function flatten an `Option<Option<T>>` to `Option<T>` producing `Some(x)` for `Some(Some(x))` and `None` otherwise. The function is similar to [`Iterator::flatten`].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  This function flattens an `Option<Option<T>>` to `Option<T>` producing `Some(x)` for `Some(Some(x))` and `None` otherwise. The function is similar to [`Iterator::flatten`].
```
